Downloaded from
YTS.MX
♪ (intriguing music)
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
♪
We should get T-shirts
that say. "I survived
a marathon seminar on
accelerator clauses."
Correction. "barely survived."
Can you believe it's
almost time for the dinner?
No. no please. No
more real estate talk. -So?
I suggest we skip dinner. Or at
least skip dinner with them.
What are you thinking?
The bar. A drink.
More than one drink.
♪
Woman: Phone. dessert.
Phone. dessert
Take your pick.
Thank you.
I'm losing you soon
enough when you graduate.
I don't need you in a "phone
haze" with me right now.
All right. My mind is clear
and focused on my birthday.
(laughs) Well. good
because I need to know
where you want to go for
your birthday dinner.
Anywhere you want.
How about Michael's?
Well. that's
easy. Done!
Ah. this.
this house is going to
feel so empty without you.
I mean. especially when
I'm not around to referee
when you and Dad start arguing.
Hey. I don't want you to
feel like you're in the middle.
You know we both love you.
♪
Maybe once I'm out of the house.
it'll give you and Dad a
chance to work on things.
Yeah. I hope so.
♪
(siren blaring)
(camera clicking)
(sigh)
Hey.
What did we just do?
(exhale)
Something that's got
me feeling very guilty.
-Same.
So no one can ever know.
Yeah. I... I understand.
Believe me. Amy. this
stays between us.
(exhale) Amy. look. I
love Sarah. you know?
And um. if she found out. it
would just be a disaster.
Especially with this rough
patch that we're goin' through.
Yeah. no. Absolutely. I mean.
I love Brad so this ends here.
Yeah.
I should uh. go.
Amy.
We're gonna be OK.
♪
(door opens and closes)
(exhale)
I can't talk much now. honey.
I have Sue here with me.
I just wanted to let you
know we're on our way.
-Yeah. uh.
Good. Well. uh talk
when you get home.
Yeah. It'll just be a few hours.
I can't wait to see you. honey.
Yeah. Drive safe.
OK. bye!
Bye.
Brad! What are you doing
in the dark? You scared me.
Do you have any idea how
worried I was last night?
You didn't answer
any of my calls;
you didn't answer my texts.
I know. I was so tired.
I just fell asleep
as soon as I got into the room.
My phone must have
been on silent.
You know. I never minded that
you didn't take my last name.
But I do care about
showing you off as my wife.
Well. it is Amy
Greene at work.
Otherwise. it is Mrs.
Bradley Collins all the way.
(kiss)
Mmm.
(sigh)
You wanna get some pizza?
Yeah! Pizza sounds good.
Hey. listen um. I.
I'm sorry. I just...
well. you know how I get
when you're not here;
I just. I can't
get any sleep and...
(phone chimes)
♪
Who's that?
It's just work.
They're texting you this late?
Who's "K"?
Um. K is Kathy from work.
(whispers) Right.
What about last night?
♪
You said you went to bed
right after the conference.
I knew something was up when
you didn't answer my calls.
So. I'm gonna ask you again.
Who's K?
Uh. K is a realtor
from the office.
A man.
♪
So you were with someone?
The truth. Amy!
We've been married for five
years. Tell me the truth!
I'm not gonna lie
to you. Brad.
Kent is a friend
from the office
and we've just been
talking for a while and...
Yes. something happened
at the conference.
but it was the only time. I
swear. And the last.
And I'm so. so sorry.
So you're
leaving me then.
No. no. no! I l love you. I
don't love him.
Well. How could you do
this to our marriage?
How could you do this.
Amy? You. you broke us!
Don't say that.
You broke us!
(screams)
Amy? Amy!
(tumbling)
♪
Amy? Amy! No. no.
no. Please no!
I'm gonna call for help.
OK? I'm gonna call for...
Stay with me. Stay
with me. Amy!
(birdsong)
Sarah: Lucy! Come
on. let's go!
We're gonna be late!
Morning.
Thank you.
Did you get home late?
Yeah. uh. you were asleep. and
I didn't want to wake you
so... I just slept
in the den.
Did you have a
good time?
The conference?
-Oh!
Was it any good?
Right. um... you know.
it wasn't as boring
as I thought it would be.
Just really happy
to be home.
Lucy! Madison's
gonna be here soon!
You know. now that I'm
working full time.
I'm not gonna be here all the
time to get her out the door.
Are you
listening to me?
Sorry. I just want to see if
there's any action
on that Maple
Avenue listing.
I'm here. You can
stop yelling now.
Happy Birthday!
Happy Birthday. baby!
Thank you!
How was Washington. Dad?
Yeah. you know. just a work
trip. No big deal.
Oh. uh. Dad is going to pick you
up after cheer practice.
Did you tell him
about our plan?
I did not.
What plan?
Birthday dinner
tonight at Michael's.
You don't have to
work. do you?
Come on. you think I would miss
your big birthday dinner?
Promise?
Lucy! Who's gonna pay? Mom?
Dad!
(doorbell rings)
Oh. you gotta go.
K.
Here you go!
Have a good day.
Love you. Mom.
See you later.
Bye. Dad.
-Bye. kiddo.
And... I am going to go as
soon as I find my phone.
♪ (haunting music)
♪
You're just in time to help me
decide on these curtains.
All right. Let's
see what we have.
Um. this one.
Definitely! Great!
Everything good at home?
Uh. today. yes. It's
Lucy's birthday.
so Kent and I are on
our best behavior.
That's good. Let's go for
coffee later and talk?
Sounds good.
Miguel.
Let's set up a meeting at 11. I
want to talk to everybody. OK?
Sounds good. boss.
Hey. What's goin' on?
You didn't see the
company email?
Email about what?
(sigh) Amy Greene.
What about her?
An accident at home. She fell
down the stairs and...
she died.
Oh. my God.
Yeah.
(sigh)
(door opens and closes)
(taps head lightly on door)
♪
(sigh)
Lucy's 18 now?
Agh. I know.
(giggle)
And Madison next month?
Mm hm.
God. that
makes us... old!
No! Ugh.
But I do have something to help
with that.
A girl's spa weekend. you. me
and our two babies.
I love it! Madison will. too!
Good.
(excited exhale)
So you and Kent. You guys still
working on things?
We're trying. But he always
seems so distracted.
And if I ask what's wrong. he
just clams up so...
A marriage really changes over
the years.
We change. and the kids grow up.
It's true. I just hope we can
work everything out. you know?
♪ (threatening music)
♪
♪ (soft bar music)
Hey.
Where's Lucy? I thought
you were picking her up.
Practice is running late;
Madison's gonna drop her off.
She'll be here any minute.
OK.
You know I was thinking?
We um. we raised a child for 18
years.
(laugh) Yeah. we did.
A good child.
With the best mom.
I think we just... we lost track
of what we need.
Not as parents. but as a couple.
Yeah. I know and I blame myself
for that.
I know. I get so wrapped up in
work and then I bring it home.
Yeah. and that's what I mean.
Kent.
You need to ask yourself if
you're happy.
Should you maybe. I don't know.
maybe think about another job
or...?
Look for another job when I'm up
for partner? Come on.
No. OK. Well. then what is it?
Are you nervous about Lucy
leaving?
Are you unhappy with me?
No. of course I'm not.
OK. Just do what you need to do
for work.
but stay connected to Lucy and
me. OK?
I will.
OK.
Hey!
Sorry. here. Sit.
You guys. OK?
Yeah!
Yeah.
All good. birthday girl.
Happy 18th! (excited sound)
So. any words of wisdom after 18
years. Ugh.
Um. let's see. "Love and be
loved"?
That's pretty perfect.
Yeah. can't argue with that one.
I can honestly say I am so over
high school. And ready to...
So ready to what?
Abandon your parents?
(laughs)
Leave us all alone in our house?
To start college.
It's the same thing. Luce.
Oh. my goodness.
So how was practice?
I'm dead. We had another killer
session today
'cause we play East Ridge next
but...
thinking about this
meal got me through it.
I bet I know exactly what
the birthday girl wants.
Oh. before that.
We got you
this.
It's beautiful! (exhale)
Thank you. guys!
Here. honey. Let me
help you put it on.
(phone dings)
(clears throat)
♪ (dramatic music)
Dad. What is it?
Kent?
Oh. um. So-called
guaranteed buyer;
they're pulling out of escrow.
That's not good.
But can we...
can we maybe hold
it off until after dinner?
Dad? Hello?
Do it for Lucy.
if not me. OK?
OK. Sorry. guys. I'm outta here.
Lucy. honey. I'm sorry.
Look. phone's down.
No more distractions. OK?
Whatever.
Please. Luce!
OK. just wait. I
will drive you.
On her birthday?
Seriously?
I'll meet you at home. OK?
You know what?
Since clearly you cannot give
our daughter what she deserves?
Just don't bother.
♪
(door opens)
Hey. I was looking for you.
(door closes)
Oh. yeah? Why's that?
So you could admit to being a
low life for taking that photo?
( chuckle ) You
messed up. not me.
Sleeping with a junior
agent who reports to you?
Risking a lawsuit because you
couldn't keep it in your pants?
Hey. You don't know
anything about me and Amy.
Yes. I do. And I think that
photo says it all.
All that photo says is that
you're trying to blackmail me.
Amy's dead. You never
should've involved her.
And I'm not playing your game.
Miguel. The partnership's mine.
You think Jackie wants
a partner who's married
and is sleeping with
his employees?
It's not about a partnership.
It's about a job.
Good luck finding another
one in the industry
when everyone realizes how you
treat your female staff.
Jackie wants to find the
best realtor as a partner.
And that's me. And
you know it is.
Well. Amy's husband
doesn't think so.
He's selling their house and his
lawyer gave me the listing.
Not you.
That's too bad. That
lawyer made a mistake.
Cause now he has to
work with a low life.
♪
(car arriving)
Hey.
Smells good.
Yeah. I've got a lasagna
in the oven and salad.
Is uh. Lucy home?
Uh no. she and Madison went
shopping after practice.
Sarah. I have to tell you
something.
Mm hm?
It's important.
Hey.
What is it?
I slept with someone at the
conference.
It's one time. Never done
anything like that before.
And I'm so sorry.
You know. I... I knew something
was off with you.
But I wasn't expecting that.
Who was it?
Amy Greene.
From your office? Oh. wow. that
is... well. that's classy.
(inhale and exhale) And Amy's
dead now. right?
Some weird household accident.
That's a shame. You might've had
a nice life with her.
Sarah. that is not what I
wanted. I love you.
(breathing) Don't touch me; I
don't to hear your excuses.
I don't wanna hear your--
Hey!
Hey. hon.
What did you buy?
Uh. a nice blouse.
Oh.
I'll show you later.
-OK.
Uh. dinner is in about 15. if
you haven't eaten already.
Nope. I was waiting to eat with
you guys.
Mom. are you OK?
(sniffs)
OK. Uh... I'll be upstairs.
And everyone knows.
right? Work? Jackie?
Everyone except me?
No. it's just Miguel. And... he
saw us at the conference.
(disgusted exhale)
So. now he's saying that
he's gonna tell Jackie
unless I say... I don't
wanna be partner.
Well. that's ridiculous.
Yeah. he is ridiculous;
you have no idea.
That's what you get
when you screw up.
If I were Jackie. and I
found out about this.
I'd kick you out immediately.
So here's what we're gonna do.
What. what you're going to do.
You're gonna move out.
-Sarah. no. That's...
-Yeah. let me finish!
-I don't want--
No. let me finish. I'm
gonna need some...
Some space. Some time to think.
Something I think you
need too. so... um
She's leaving for school soon.
Yeah. well. you should've
thought about that
before you betrayed your family.
OK.
I'll find a place. It'll take me
a few days but I'll find it.
You're a realtor.
Shouldn't take that long.
♪ (eerie music)
♪
(knock at door)
Excuse me?
Oh. hi. Can I help you?
Yeah! Um. I was just walking
around your neighborhood.
I recently moved in. And I'm in
desperate need of someone
to help me decorate my rather...
lonely. sad bachelor place.
(laugh) Well. you found a
good place for that.
We are definitely known for
cheering up sad homes.
Fantastic! My
lucky day. I'm Brad.
Hi. I'm Sarah.
Nice to meet you.
This is um. this is
quite the shop.
Thank you! We
can do it all.
What exactly
do you need?
Everything. But mostly
a professional eye
because I have no
idea what I'm doing.
(laugh) Well. that is easy. Uh.
let me just grab my card.
There you go and I can stop by
and give you some ideas.
if you'd like.
Well. this is gonna make
my move a lot easier.
We will do our very best.
-Thank you.
Hey. by the way. where
exactly are you from?
Washington. The city.
not the state.
Welcome.
Thank you.
It's a pleasure
to meet you.
Pleasure meeting
you. Sarah.
Sarah: He says they only
slept together once.
Once is enough with
something that serious.
Sarah. you're allowed
to be angry. you know.
And you're allowed
to show it.
I know. I am angry. But I'm more
confused than anything.
I just... I don't know
where the two of us
are supposed go from here.
Don't go anywhere or do
anything till you're ready.
Take your time now.
I will. I will. Just...
(big sigh)
Though I did tell Kent he had
to move out for a while.
Really? Well. that should
get his attention.
Right?
Look. if you need
some time off.
No. no. I... thank
you. but no.
I just want to keep
working so this doesn't
totally overwhelm
me or something.
OK. (her phone chimes) but
if you change your mind.
Shoot.
I'm late for my meeting. I
gotta run. See you in a bit?
Yeah. Sure thing. Hey. and
thank you for the offer.
Of course.
See ya later.
OK.
♪ (brooding music)
♪
(phone rings)
Hey! I was just
about to call you.
Oh. yeah?
Yeah. I found a place.
near Main and 3rd.
It's... it's boring
but it's furnished.
I'm getting stuff out
of the house now.
I'll be outta here tonight.
Good. You and Lucy should
go to dinner tonight
so you can explain to
her what's going on.
Sarah. do you think--
I was calling because I
just found a souvenir
of you and Amy.
What?
A photo of you and
Amy on my car.
I can't believe that guy.
I presume you mean Miguel.
Yes. Miguel. Who the
hell else would do it?
(scoff) That depends!
How many people saw you
and Amy fooling around?
No. Sarah. it was him.
He admitted it to me.
(scoff) Does it even matter?
This isn't about your
feud with Miguel.
This is about you
betraying your family.
Getting fired would just be
icing on the cake!
♪
(car door slams)
Let me guess. You're
a real estate agent?
You're looking
to list my home?
No. What I want is for you
to leave my family alone.
That photo was just
a friendly reminder.
Well. here's my
friendly reminder.
Don't you ever mess
with my wife again.
Do you understand
what I'm saying?
You do realize that
my security camera's
facing the
driveway. right?
Why don't you give a little
smile and wave to HR?
Hey. Kent! Drive safe.
(door opens and closes)
Yeah. I'll talk to you
soon. Carly. OK. bye.
Hey.
Um. Lucy is on
her way home.
I told her that you
two are having dinner
I'm not looking forward
to that conversation.
Yeah. I believe you.
(door opens and closes)
Hey. honey.
We still going for dinner?
Yeah. we'll leave whenever
you're ready. OK?
OK. Uh. just give me five
minutes to change.
OK. No rush.
Sarah. I'm gonna miss
seeing her every day.
Kent. I will be honest.
I need this time apart.
But I would never keep
your daughter from you.
(phone rings)
Hey.
Hey Lu. how's it going?
Well. something's going
on with my mom and dad.
You mean like another fight?
Yeah. well. worse. actually.
My dad's moving out.
What?
He's taking me for dinner.
Without my mom. So...
Believe me. You do not want
to have this conversation
in a public place.
Yeah? Um. yeah. I'll
tell him I want to have
our talk at home before we go.
♪ (eerie music)
Lucy: So did you love
this woman or what?
No. Lucy. honey...
Obviously. we were close.
(chortles) Obviously.
Lucy. honey. I am so
sorry for this mess.
You have no idea how
much I love you guys.
(inhale) I know you love us.
I just never thought you'd
do something like this.
Me either. sweetheart.
-I'm really gonna miss
having you at home.
Well. three months. you're
gonna be off hanging out
with all your new
college friends.
There's no time
to miss your dad.
(tearful laughter)
No. No way!
You are still taking me to the
campus tour on the 27th.
Campus tour on
the 27th...
the one you reminded
me about 575 times?
Yeah. I think
I'll remember.
♪
Let's go get
some food. huh?
Yeah.
I love you.
(birdsong)
Sarah: Hey. honey.
Lucy: -Hey.
Did you have a
good day today?
Um... no. actually.
I've had better.
Mom?
Yeah?
I was thinking. Would a
therapist or counsellor
or something. help you
and Dad work stuff out?
Oh. honey. I hear
you on this.
But?
Could it help?
Honestly. yes.
But I'm just not ready
to go there yet.
You mean. you're not ready to
forgive Dad for cheating.
Which I can
understand. Mom.
Thank you. You know. that's
the thing about emotions;
they're not on
any schedule.
Yeah. I know. It's just...
It's just so depressing.
I'm so sorry we put you
in this situation. Luce.
I'm sure we can find a
way through this. OK?
Yeah. I really
hope so.
I know. honey.
(exhale) I know.
♪
(phone beeps)
Sarah: Hello?
Hi. Sarah. It's Brad.
Oh. yeah. hi.
Hope I'm not calling
you too late.
(laugh) No. not at all.
I was just phoning to see
if we could set up a time
for you to come see my place.
Sure! Let me just
check my calendar.
-Um. you know what? I have a
break in my schedule tomorrow.
Would that work for you?
Uh. tomorrow. I think
so. Yeah. what time?
11 am? Or whatever
works best for you.
Yeah. 11 works.
And if you just wanna send me
your address. that'd be great.
Great. I'll see you then.
Lucy: Who was that?
Just a new client.
All right.
Let's watch a movie.
But not some old boring
black-and-white thing.
Oh. listen to you.
Miss Bossy Pants.
Hello. I made the
popcorn. so I choose.
OK. well then I'm gonna
hold the popcorn.
All right.
(chuckles)
Brad: So. what do you think?
Uh. well. There is a furniture
store next door to my office.
They have some stools that
would look amazing here.
And you should add some
accessories with
the right color and texture
just to complete the look.
Sounds great.
The office will need some
additional shelving
and as for the primary
bedroom. it just needs.
you know. a little bit
of your personality.
(chuckles)
Don't worry; I'll
email you some ideas.
(exhale) That would
be very helpful.
Um. my wife used to handle
all the decorating.
Oh. are you
recently divorced?
No. Widower. which sounds
weird to say. but um.
that's why I moved.
The memories.
I'm so sorry. I
didn't realize.
Ah. just uh... one day
at a time. right?
I can't imagine.
And she must've been young.
obviously. your wife?
Yeah. Too young to
die. that's for sure.
Yeah.
And uh. how bout
you? Married? Kids?
Uh (chuckle) separated.
Pretty recently. actually.
Now I'm sorry.
No. it's uh. fine.
(phone rings) Excuse me.
And speak of the
devil. Just one sec.
Please.
Thanks.
Hello.
Ah. yes. she's gonna stay
at your place tonight
so you two can just leave
from there in the morning?
♪ (dramatic music) ♪
Good. So. tell them
to bid over asking.
Sounds great. Uh. look.
I gotta let you go;
I'm just in the middle
of something. OK.
I am so sorry. I don't
normally take personal calls.
but he's taking our daughter
on a college campus tour.
(chuckle)
I totally understand.
My wife and I didn't have
kids but uh. I get it.
I couldn't help overhearing uh.
you're selling your house?
Oh. no no no. no.
Kent's a realtor.
He's showing a house
later this week.
Really not that interesting.
No. it is. Ah! I mean
you're interesting.
Um. so like I said.
I'll send you some
design options by.
say. Friday?
Yeah. that would be great!
OK!
I uh. I just have
one more question.
Oh. yeah. Sure.
Would it be weird. uh. would it
cross the client-decorator
boundary if I asked
you out for a drink?
Oh. uh. I. uh (laugh)
No. hey. hey.
Look. I'm sorry.
I didn't mean put
you on the spot.
No. it's just I'm...
No. no. It's OK. I imagine
that's quite hard for you too.
(phone chimes)
Excuse me.
and I'm late for my next
appointment. (nervous giggle)
I have to get running.
I will get out of your
hair. Uh. thank you.
No! Thank you.
Just gonna grab my coat.
So... we'll
talk soon?
Yeah. sounds
good. Um...
♪
You know uh. I think we
could. we could definitely
do it over a drink. Yeah. I
think that would be OK.
I'd love that.
♪ (pensive music)
♪
(picking sounds)
(door creaks)
♪
(hissing spray)
Lucy: Mom! We're leaving
for Dad's place.
Sarah: I'm coming.
Wow. You...
look beautiful.
Thanks.
You having drinks
with Carly tonight?
Uh. no. just
a client.
Ah. OK. Well. we
should get going.
Mm hm.
-We'll call you
from campus.
OK. Send me pictures.
I will!
Mmm. I hear it's
beautiful there.
-Yeah. it's gonna be good.
Joe's handling the
open house for me
so there'll be no
distractions.
Good.
All right. (laugh)
All right. Well.
you guys have fun.
I have to finish
getting ready. OK?
Bye. Mom.
Bye.
♪
Cheers.
I wanna thank you
for coming out.
It's been... kind of lonely for
me since I moved here.
Hard to meet new people?
My wife and I. we weren't
really very social.
Just homebodies.
I guess.
Yeah. that can happen. Kent and
I were stuck in a routine.
So I'm glad for this time
to figure out who I am again.
And who is that?
I mean. what do you
like outside of work?
I like music. Opera. actually.
But Kent wasn't a real big fan.
Oh. well. I'll tell you a
story. When I was a kid
I saw this production
of "Aida" at the Met.
There must've been a hundred
extras on the stage.
and an elephant.
(laughs)
And I've been a fan ever since.
Of opera and elephants.
(louder laugh)
Opera in Philadelphia
is more scaled down.
But Verdi works
everywhere.
Si . naturalmente .
Oh. man. I gotta
work on my Italian.
(chuckle)
But. if I could sing. I never
would've been a lawyer.
What kind of law
do you practice?
The boring kind.
unfortunately.
(laugh)
So uh. let's just keep
talking about you.
Thank you.
That was fun.
Well. you're welcome!
That makes me happy.
Maybe we could do
this again sometime?
Sure.
Next one. I'm
thinking opera.
OK.
♪
(soft kiss)
Drive safe.
Good night.
Thanks!
Goodnight. Sarah.
(car door closes)
♪
Kent: You know...
I'm pretty jealous.
I wish I was goin'
away to college.
(laugh) Yeah. I've
heard the stories. Dad.
Well. the tour
starts in two hours.
and we've got a long
drive ahead of us.
so... we should
hit the road.
Let's do it!
All right.
(phone rings)
Oh. one sec.
Hey. Joe.
Kent. I got here early to
set up for the open house.
but we've got
problems.
What kind of
problems?
-The thermostat is broken;
I can't turn it off.
It's about 90
degrees in the house
and it's only getting hotter.
Well. everything was
working yesterday.
-And there's this
really bad smell
I mean. I opened all the
windows but somehow...
Just please tell me
it's gonna be fixed
by the time the
Grahams come.
I doubt it.
(frustrated sigh)
Doesn't make any sense to me!
-Listen. Hey...
Kent. I need you
to get here now.
Joe. I've got this
thing with Lucy today.
We're about to hit the road.
-The Grahams are
your clients. Kent.
I can't stay here all day
and just monitor things.
♪
OK. I'll get over
there as fast as I can
and take care of
it. OK. bye.
Seriously. Dad?
Honey. I have to salvage
this open house.
Try salvaging your
family for once!
Lucy. honey. we're going to get
you to that campus tour;
I promise you.
Whatever.
Lucy!
Carly: So he's a good-looking.
opera-loving. lonely widower.
Sarah: Pretty much. And
smart. And nice. (laugh)
Anyway. uh. I did most
the talking. Shocker.
Oh. yeah?
-Yeah. he asked about
Lucy and college.
He and his wife
never had kids so...
How did the wife die exactly?
I do not know the details.
How did you two
leave things then?
Oh. hey Carly. Kent's
just on the other line.
I'll see you in the
office in a bit. OK?
(beep)
Hey. Kent. you guys
on the road?
Uh. that's actually
why I'm calling.
Please do not tell me.
There's just something
really strange happening
at that open house
and Joe needs me
to get over there
right away.
And of course. that
takes priority
over your daughter's needs.
Sarah. they're very
important clients.
-They're all super
And uh. and you know?
Everything always seems
to have to be done right
away for Jackie.
And if your family gets
thrown under the bus.
well. at least maybe you
sold a house. right?
I'm sorry. I know I screwed up
with you. and now with Lucy.
-OK. just stop. Just...
I will...
I'll cancel my morning meeting
and I'll take her myself.
You and I will deal
with this later. - Thank you.
Yeah. well you're gonna have
to drive Lucy over here.
Yeah. of course.
We're on our way.
(zipper closes)
(keys clicking)
♪
(ringtone)
Sarah: Hey.
Hey! How was the tour?
Oh. so now you care?
We had a really good day
and Lucy loved the place
She's in a much better mood now.
Well. I'm glad to hear that.
I tried to call her. but she's
not answering. Is she with you?
No. I dropped her
off at Madison's.
Well. I'm glad you had
a better day than me.
I'm just back at the
Grahams' now to lock up.
The repairman just left.
Just stop! I don't want
to hear about that house!
Or Miguel or your job.
I care about Lucy. who
was hurt and angry
because you let
her down again.
It was an emergency. and I'm
gonna make it up to her.
I promise.
I don't want you to promise me;
I want you to promise her.
Show her that being a father
is really important to you.
Sarah. it is. And so
is being a husband.
(derisive exhale)
Goodbye.
Bye.
♪ (bar music)
Hey. can I get another?
You look like you've had a day.
(exhale)
Really bad. huh?
Thank you.
Um. I don't wanna be
rude; I'm just...
I'm just trying
to have a drink.
So let's drink. Two tequila
shots. right here.
I've had a bad day too.
Poor baby. Not thirsty?
♪
(camera clicking)
(grunts)
What the hell do you
think you're doing?
Thanks.
It was nice to meet you.
Thanks for stopping
by tonight.
Well.
It was a nice surprise.
Thank you. for the company.
♪
Lucy! I uh...
(clears throat)
I thought you were staying at
Madison's a little bit later.
Um. I texted you I
was coming home.
but I guess you
were... busy.
Um. this is my
daughter Lucy.
Hi. Lucy. Bradley Collins.
It's nice to meet you.
Your mom has told me so
much about you.
Hi.
Well! Uh. I
should get going.
Yeah. mm hm.
-Sarah. thank you
for the advice.
And we'll chat later about
your recommendations.
And uh. Lucy. Again. so
nice to meet you and um.
good luck on your
college submissions.
Thanks.
OK.
Talk later.
Mm hm.
(door opens and closes)
So that's the guy
from the other night?
The one who's
"just a client"?
Lucy. I'm not ready to discuss
this with you right now.
I'm sorry.
So. you're not ready
to forgive Dad.
and you're not ready to
discuss this with me.
But you're sure ready
to date. aren't you?
You know what? I'll
stay at Dad's tonight.
So you can invite
your boyfriend back.
Lucy. you know that's
not what he is.
No. I don't. actually. because
you don't want to discuss it!
(keys clicking)
(knock at door)
Hey.
Hi.
I just got off the
phone with Mom.
And she's not really happy
about the way you left
and came over here.
Dad. the guy was in our
house. and they were...
They were what?
(little grunt)
Drinking wine and laughing.
Sorry. but I freaked.
Yeah. I get that.
Was it that same guy?
Yeah. that Brad guy
from Washington.
Mm.
I should check him out online.
I didn't hear that. but
yeah. it's good; do that.
(snickers)
♪
Look. hun. you've just
gotta be patient
while Mom and I
work stuff out. OK?
And remember. I made
the mistake. right?
She wants to take you
shopping tomorrow.
Can you please call her
and tell her you'll go?
Yes.
Thank you.
Call Mom.
(ringing tone)
Collins! That was it.
Not him.
That disaster at the open
house can never happen again.
Absolutely
not.
The homeowners
found another firm.
and we lost the buyers too.
Honestly? I can see
Miguel being behind that.
Just to sabotage me.
That's a strong
accusation.
There's something else I
need to talk to you about.
Your relationship
with Amy Greene?
It was a mistake.
I admit that.
I have never let my personal
life interfere with my work.
And I am heartbroken over
what happened to Amy.
But Jackie. when it comes to
this place. you know me.
And you know my work.
I deserve that promotion.
You just gotta let
me prove it to you.
OK. Well. one step you could
take is working together
with Miguel. instead of
always fighting it out.
OK. All right.
(sighs)
♪
I'm glad you came. I know last
night was... awkward.
So what does he do exactly?
When he's not having
a drink with you?
Brad? He's a lawyer.
You're angry at Dad. Me. too.
But he wants our
family back. Do you?
Oh. honey. I honestly
don't know what I want.
That's what this
time is for.
I'm not really in the mood
for shopping right now.
Luce!
♪
What the hell?
(keys clicking)
(door closes)
(foot steps)
Can't we talk about this
now that we're home?
Maybe later.
♪
(phone rings)
Hey.
I just got texted some pictures
of you and some bimbo
in a downtown pub. kissing!
What are you talking about?
I can be there soon. Let's--
Don't you dare come here. I
don't wanna see your face.
Sarah--
Hello?
So there's a bathroom and this
house was showing all three.
Right.
Open house. The clients
come through and--
Here I am. Miguel!
You want a photo?
Why? You cheating on your wife
again? You want a souvenir?
Oh. guys. just leave me outta
this. OK? I don't want it.
Joe. it's OK.
Finish your drink.
But I would be careful
what you say to Miguel.
He likes to gossip with Jackie.
Gossip? No. A
photo is proof.
Not when it's a setup. Miguel.
Like having some barfly
grab me and kiss me in this
place? Classy move.
What are you
talking about?
Oh. no idea. huh?
Read my lips. None! You
think I'm afraid of you?
I'd say it to your
face if I did it.
(bang on table)
I've never ever been more
serious about anything.
Now I warned you not to
mess with my wife.
And I'm not gonna forget that.
♪
To be honest. I
don't even...
I don't even see Kent with
someone like that woman
in the downtown pub. I don't
know. maybe it is all Miguel.
Those two are really at
each other's throats.
And it is unfair to Kent if
someone's sabotaging him.
♪
Sarah: But I'm
not going to
let his job run my life.
No. It should not.
(dismayed sigh)
-What?
The power just went out!
There must be an outage.
Not here. My lights are on.
Oh! Yeah. it looks like I'm the
only house in the neighborhood.
Must be a fuse or
something. I guess?
Could be. Maybe give
Kent a call?
-Yeah.
I'll talk to you later. Carly.
Hi!
Hey. I just finished
a legal brief.
and I was wondering
what you'd say
to a spur-of-the-moment visit?
-Well. I would be up for it.
except that I'm in the middle of
a mini-emergency right now.
Oh? You and Lucy OK?
Yeah. she's at a
friend's house.
But I just lost power here.
And it seems I'm the only
house in the neighborhood.
Let me come over
and take a look.
No. no. I was just about to
leave a message for Kent
when you called.
-No. don't do that.
Give me a few
minutes. OK?
Are you sure you don't mind?
Not at all. I'll see you soon.
Thanks for coming. Brad.
I'd still be sitting in the
dark if you hadn't shown up.
I'm happy that I was available.
Yeah. Well. I couldn't
focus anyway.
Those photos really
have me frazzled.
I think he has you frazzled.
And the more you talk about
it. the worse it gets.
Sarah. I think you're
a fascinating woman
and I want to get to
know more about you.
(exhale)
Like. how did you
become a fan of opera?
I used to sing in school.
But uh... Yeah. I...
What? Opera?
No! (laugh) No. I could never.
I sang in a choir
in high school.
And an acapella group in
college. actually.
We should do karaoke.
No. no!
Come on!
No. it's always so silly.
Silly. but fun! I would
love to hear you sing.
Ah. Sarah. look. I uh. I know
you haven't been separated
all that long. but uh. I want
you to know I really like you.
(nose exhale laugh)
I do.
I like you. too. but I think
it's getting late. (chuckle)
(sigh) Right.
Thank you. That's for
recycling right there.
OK.
(sigh)
Well. thank you for rescuing
me. Mr. White Knight.
You are welcome. milady.
(laughs)
Tomorrow?
We'll see.
Kent's not gonna be
around. though. right?
Um. no. he uh. he'll
be gone all day.
shopping for things for his new
place.
OK.
He did ask me to go with
him. but I-I said no.
I love a strong woman.
(nose laugh)
♪
(door closes)
(car starts)
♪
(car door closes)
Not when it's a set-up.
Miguel. like having some
barfly kiss me in this
place? Classy move.
What are you talking about?
Oh. no idea. huh?
Read my lips. None! You
think I'm afraid of you?
I'd say it to your face
if I did it.
Call Lucy.
(phone rings)
Hey. Dad. what's up?
Hey. sweetie. Um. you said you
were gonna try to find out
something about that guy.
Brad Mom was seeing?
Yeah. He's a lawyer in some
firm with a few offices.
here and in DC.
But I couldn't find a personal
address for him there.
Yeah. they usually keep
that stuff private.
Do you want me to keep looking?
Well... nobody knows the
online world like Gen Z.
But um. you know. make sure
you get your homework done.
(laugh) Sure. Dad. love you.
I love you too.
You're checking out your mom's
new boyfriend for your dad now?
Well. it was my idea first. I
don't like the guy either.
♪
(door slides)
(door slides back)
(footsteps)
♪
Lakeside Real Estate.
This is Miguel.
Yes. Mrs. Jones. yep. I'll be
here for two more hours.
All right. See you
then. Bye bye.
Mr. Collins. I didn't
hear you come in.
Sorry you got in the
middle of this.
But you can blame it
all on Kent.
No. no. no. no!
(grunts)
(clatter)
♪
Hey. Joe.
Hey. I just got a weird
call from that lawyer
for Amy's house.
Weird. how?
He says the open house
is not happening.
Miguel's not answering
the door. or his phone.
and the house is locked.
He wants to know
what's going on.
Yeah. I can't blame him.
I'd like to know
what's going on. too.
Well. I'm calling you 'cause
Jackie has you and Miguel
working together now.
It's not a problem.
Uh. I'm just around
the corner from there.
I'm gonna pop by
and see what's up.
All right.
♪
(door opens and closes)
Miguel?
♪
Miguel!
Oh. my God!
911. What's your emergency
Hello? My colleague.
I think he's dead!
So if we keep the
double doors there.
that leaves a little bit
of an opening for the.
for the main door.
That works.
Yeah.
Give me the dirt
about last night!
There's not much to
tell. Back to this.
Come on! He rides in and
rescues you from the dark?
How long before you two
turned the lights out again?
(laugh) (phone
rings) Hello?
Miguel's dead.
Dead?
I found him on the floor
of his open house.
Stabbed. I think.
(exhale) Oh. my God.
Who would do that?
I don't know. But um...
Sarah. this house?
(exhale) The house?
What about it?
It was Amy's. She lived here.
Amy from your office? That Amy?
Yeah. Um. look. I'm gonna have
to um. talk to the police.
you know? They're uh. they're
just... they're here.
So Sarah. I'm sorry.
could I come by later?
You know? I just. I can't
get it outta my head.
seeing him there and
the...and the blood?
Yeah. of course.
I'll see you soon.
Thanks.
Kent: So they're. you
know. running tests
on the knife for
fingerprints.
That'll clear me. I'm sure.
They don't really
think you did it?
They asked me about
my relationship with him.
and I told 'em that we
were having issues.
I had to be honest.
Why would you
tell them that?
Sarah. I had to
tell 'em the truth.
Jackie and Joe and
everybody at the office.
they're gonna do
the same thing.
I had to tell 'em
about Amy. too.
Why was Miguel selling
her house anyway?
I mean. that's a little
coincidental. don't you think?
Yeah. all I know is that
Amy's husband's lawyer
contacted him.
So I don't know.
Oh. it's almost 6;
Lucy's gonna be home soon.
Do you want to
talk to her?
Maybe tomorrow?
Just... I don't know;
I just gotta
clear my head.
I'm just gonna head
back to my place
and I'll call
you later. OK?
OK.
All right.
Hey. Kent. Look. I
um. I'm so sorry
you're going
through this.
You know. you really
don't deserve it.
♪
Thank you.
And when this mess
is behind us?
I'm gonna work on being
a better husband.
Bye.
(keys clicking)
I'm just...
I'm exhausted from it all.
-Yeah! I get that. I mean.
it all starts with him having
the affair and ends with
God knows what else he's done.
Well. it doesn't end with my
husband as a murderer.
I'm sorry. but you do
know the expression
"the wife is the last to know"?
Maybe it applies to
cheating and also--
Wait a sec. Are you
seriously suggesting
that Kent's a killer?
No. I'm sorry. I'm just
lookin' out for you. I--
Because I think I know a man
pretty well after living
with him and our child for
almost 20 years.
You're right. I stand
"over-ruled." But I--
Hey. um. someone's
at the door.
OK. well. I will see you
first thing in the morning
and check out those
samples you have.
OK. I'll see you then.
♪
(door opens)
Mrs. Watts?
Yes.
I'm Detective Phillips.
You mind if I ask you a few
questions about your husband?
Of course. come on in.
-Thanks.
(door closes)
Mom?
It's OK. honey. the
uh. the detective
just has a few questions.
I've already told her
about Miguel's death.
So is it OK if she just
stays here with us?
That's totally your call.
OK. hon.
So you and your
husband are separated.
Yes. Uh. not for
too long. though.
And what was the reason
for the separation?
Pretty sure he already told you
he had an affair. And with who.
-Amy Greene. I'm sorry to have
to ask you this. but um.
were you aware that the
deceased and your husband
were um. hostile?
I'm aware Miguel was
hostile with my husband.
Do either of you recognize this?
Oh. my God!
Is that the weapon?
Yeah.
I don't recognize
it; should we?
Mrs. Watts. do you mind
if I take a quick peek
in your kitchen?
Yeah. uh... of course not.
It's right this way.
Looks like one's missing.
OK. (scoff) that knife
did not come from here.
I. I'm sure-I'm sure it's
here somewhere. Hang on.
It's probably in
the dishwasher.
I mean. it's a pretty
common brand. right?
There must be a ton of
them in Philadelphia.
Yeah. except the
one that we have
has your father's
fingerprints on it.
My dad wouldn't kill anybody!
No. he wouldn't.
♪
(sigh)
Mrs. Watts. If you
find that knife.
or remember any
other information.
please give me a
call immediately.
OK.
(door opens and closes)
Mom. what's going
to happen now?
(whispers) Come here.
♪
(banging)
Police! Open up!
OK. I'm coming!
♪
Kent Watts?
Yes. but what's goin' on?
You're under arrest for
the murder of Miguel Diaz.
You have the right
to remain silent.
Anything you say can and
will be used against you
in a court of law. You have
the right to an attorney.
If you cannot afford one. one
will be appointed for you.
Do you understand?
Yeah.
Brad: They like to arrest
them late at night.
Gives them uh. the
element of surprise.
Yeah. I just heard
about it this morning.
You should have called me; we
could've canceled the meeting.
To tell you the truth. I
actually wanted your advice.
I've called several criminal
attorneys I found online
and I'm still... yeah. still
waiting for a call back.
Well. you're definitely gonna
want a criminal lawyer
for the case.
-Yeah. I thought so.
But for now. all you need
to do is have a lawyer
to sit with him and...
I could do that.
Oh. my God. would you?
That would be amazing
and then I can just focus
on this and then focus on
trying to find a
criminal attorney later.
It's the least I can do.
Text me the address;
I'll go down there right
now and uh. see what's up.
Oh. thank you
so much.
Hey. can you hear me?
Sarah: Yeah. Are you OK?
Given the situation. How's Lucy?
Honestly? A bit of
a mess. like me.
I. uh. I took her over to
Madison's for the night.
I figured that would be
easier for both of us.
That's good. Listen. Sarah. I
um... I don't know
how that knife could have
come from our house.
Yeah. I can't either. But Kent.
I know it was not you.
Thanks.
Hey. look. uh. I've found a
lawyer to represent you
and he's on his way
there now. actually.
That's good news. Who is he?
Uh. Bradley Collins.
The guy that you're dating?
Kent. he is just a friend.
Come on. Sarah. I
don't know about this.
Look. he's all we have
to represent you
until I hear back from a
criminal attorney.
(sigh)
OK. as long as you trust him.
I do.
Thanks for coming through for
me... you always do.
Kent Watts? Brad Collins.
Yeah. you're... Sarah's friend.
Yes. I am.
Full disclosure. we're dating.
Just had to get that
out of the way.
(big sigh)
Look. Kent um. Kent. Look
at me. Sarah's depressed.
Yeah. of course she
is. I'm depressed.
This whole thing is a
complete misunderstanding.
No. no. no. no. Kent. She
is very upset. I mean.
It's really been
nothing but bad news
since you cheated on her.
OK.
You don't think I know that?
But I didn't kill Miguel.
Can we talk about that?
Can she be sure
about that. though?
I mean. she probably
believed that you weren't
a philanderer. right?
I'm not a philanderer.
Like I told you. One time I
slept with somebody else.
Zero times did I kill anybody.
I'm doing my best to
keep her positive. OK?
I um. I think she might need
some help. You know?
Some professional help.
A psychologist.
(exhale) You have to see it
from her perspective. Kent.
You cheated on her. and then
this work altercation
turns into a murder
investigation and...
Well. you might not be
around for Sarah and Lucy.
She's frazzled. man.
I mean ... she's uh...
Wh-what are you saying?
(exhale) I'm not a mental
health expert or anything
like that but... (sniff)
You know. people when
they're that depressed.
they have nowhere to go. no
one to reach out to and uh.
well. there's this tendency
to have suicidal thoughts.
OK. You gotta get
me outta here!
You gotta get me
outta here right now!
I'm doin' my best. Kent.
♪
But that might not be
for a very long time.
And that's gonna be a big
shock... to Sarah. And to Lucy.
We need to pray that it's not
gonna be a female judge.
Because. uh. well. I mean
you cheated on your wife
and it was with an employee.
and the employee
was a subordinate.
So that kinda
reeks of coercion.
That is not
what happened!
That's not at all
what happened here.
And then Amy dies and...
apparently you had very
little concern for her.
You have no idea how
I felt about Amy.
You have no idea at all.
And I don't know how
she's relevant here!
I think that young woman
was probably relevant
to a lot of people. Kent.
That's not... that's
not what I meant.
A bloody knife was found in her
house with your fingerprints.
I understand that. But
I didn't kill with it!
Keep telling yourself that.
It's good for morale.
In the meantime. I will do my
best to take care of Sarah.
You can count on me. Kent.
Talk soon.
♪
(phone rings)
Hey. honey.
-Hi. Mom.
Any updates from Dad?
-Yeah. We find out tomorrow
if he makes bail.
Bradley will call us right away.
Wait! Him? Why?
Because he is representing Dad.
(scoff) That's the
best we can do?
For this first step? Yes.
Great.
Luce? (exhale)
Weren't you checking out
that Brad guy online?
How about I help you with that?
Yes. please. (laugh)
(car door opens and closes)
♪
(phone ringing)
Sarah: Hey.
Hey. Sarah. Just got back from
downtown talking with Kent.
Yeah. how's he doing?
He's holding up.
Our only challenge is
gonna be the bloody knife.
He didn't do it. Brad.
Sarah. I know you don't want to
think he's a murderer. but
he did lie to you before
about Amy Greene.
so the question we have to ask
is what else is he lying about?
♪
Look. um...
I have some ideas I want
to talk to you about.
Can I come by in a bit?
Uh. you know? I have a bit
of a headache and I think
I'm just gonna relax
and run myself a bath.
-Yeah. no problem.
(click)
♪
Brad: What else is he
lying about? (echoes)
♪
Lucy: Whoa. whoa. whoa! There's
a Brad Collins with the
same Philadelphia address
as the Miguel murder house.
Let me see.
That says 323 Sunset Terrace.
The cops told me and my mom
that's where Amy Greene lived.
The girl your dad was--
So Amy and Brad were married or
living together or whatever!
Drive me over there right now!
How? My mom has the
car. Call an Uber.
Can you? I have to call my mom.
(ringing)
You've reached Sarah. Leave a
message after the tone.
(sigh) Shoot! Voicemail.
Mom. call me as soon
as you get this!
Hang on. Hang on. OK.
so you're saying that
your father's lawyer
is dating your mother
just happened to have been
married to Amy Greene?
The woman that your father
had an affair with?
Yes! Only my mom and
dad don't know that.
My mom's not answering
her phone right now.
so I'm on my way home.
I'm worried this Brad
guy could be dangerous.
And he's been to our
house a bunch of times.
so he could've
grabbed the knife.
Yeah. And killed Miguel to try
and frame your father.
Yeah. maybe. All I know for
sure is my dad didn't do it.
-OK. I'm gonna meet you
at your mother's place.
But If you see that
Brad guy outside.
you make sure you
wait out for me. OK?
OK. Just... hurry.
♪
(yawns)
Sarah.
(gasp)
Brad! What are you. what
are you doing here?
I'm not actually here tonight.
I parked over at the mall.
And I have a ticket to a movie.
That movie's playing right now.
What do you want?
Well. I need you to
take your medicine.
What is that?
Will you accept a collect call
from the Men's Central Jail?
Sure. Yes! Sure.
Connection active.
Dad! Are you OK?
Hey. honey. I'm OK. I just...
I'm worried. you know?
I don't trust this Brad guy.
Yeah. I know. he
was married to Amy!
I just called the
cops and told them.
They're on their
way to the house.
Well. how do you...?
Lucy. where are you?
On my way home. To get Mom.
OK. then I want you to get out
of there as soon as you can.
I will. I'll bring her
back to Madison's house.
Yeah. good girl.
Lucy. if he's there.
I know. wait for the cops.
(exhale) Honey. be careful.
OK. I gotta go. Dad.
Love you.
I want you to die. Sarah.
Like my Amy.
"Your Amy"?
Yeah. My Amy.
No. they'll know you killed me!
No. no. no. no.
The phone conversation
we had earlier?
That's the last proof that
anybody has that we spoke.
When I told you that... Kent's
chances were pretty slim
of getting out. well...
You just got so depressed that
you took all of these pills.
No!
Yeah. you did. Sarah. You did.
No. please. Brad.
KENT NEEDS TO FEEL WHAT I FEEL!
♪
Kent slept with her.
You killed her!
I would never hurt my wife!
I would never have hurt Amy.
(breathing)
(door opens)
Mom?
Lucy! Call the cops!
I did. They're coming.
(grunt)
(panting)
It's OK!
Oh. my God!
Oh. my God. Mom!
It's OK. baby. it's over.
(gasping)
(sirens wailing)
You know. I watch a lot of
comic-book movies with my kids.
But I gotta say. you two
make a really great
mother-daughter
superhero team.
Uh. speaking of family. can
my dad come home now?
I mean. based on this evening. I
don't think there's a judge
in the country who would try to
keep your dad in custody.
By the way. I'm going
to need you both
to come downtown tomorrow.
We're gonna need the whole story
on this Mr. Brad Collins.
With pleasure!
OK.
♪
Lucy. honey!
Ah. Luce!
Oh. look at you!
Let's get some pictures.
OK. (laugh)
Oh. my goodness. You are too
grown up!
(laughs) OK.
All right. all right.
(sigh) You look beautiful.
Mm. thanks. Mom.
Mm. OK.
Hi!
Oh. honey.
Special delivery for the
two most beautiful...
and brave women that
I know.
Aw. thanks. Dad.
You're welcome.
So. just so you both
know. after the ceremony.
I plan to go partying with
Madison and friends.
Oh. well. In that
case. Sarah Watts.
I'd like to ask you
out on a date.
Like a first date?
Yeah. like a first date.
OK. I love this.
but the ceremony's starting
really soon. (laugh)
Oh!
Right.
Sorry. let me put these down
and uh. my purse... Sorry!
Did you warm up the car?
It's ready! It's ready!